I'm getting a divorce.
What?
Oh, my.
What did you just say?
Say that again.
Yeon Ju and I agreed...
to get a divorce.
What?
What? Who said you could do that?
Who said so?
Okay.
Yeon Ju must not want to live like this.
Does she want a divorce...
because I told her to live with us?
Okay.
We'll get the big house that she wants...
even if we have to take a loan.
Father.
Don't say anything. Just do as I tell you.
Whatever it takes, we have
to stop you from divorcing.
If she's complaining about the house,
get her a big house.
If she's complaining about Han Gyul,
we'll take Han Gyul with us.
I asked...
for the divorce.
What?
What are you talking about?
Why would you ask Yeon Ju for a divorce?
You two decided to move out,
so you went to find a hospital and a house.
Why did you suddenly change your mind?
It's not a sudden change.
I've been thinking about this,
but I couldn't stand it anymore.
What couldn't you stand anymore? What are your complaints?
Father, you already know.
I married Yeon Ju because of her money.
Living with Yeon Ju is only trouble...
without her mother's money.
It would be better to divorce her than living...
with someone who is vain and doesn't have a sense of reality.
How dare you!
Honey.
Are you serious?
Don't you know how much I went through to raise you?
How could you say that in front of me?
If you get a divorce at this age,
you're only going to be a divorced man with a child.
The hospital, your family, and everything else will be ruined.
You'll remain with nothing.
I didn't make you get married...
to her for this to happen.
No, never.
I will never let this happen.
Whatever you do, I won't allow you to divorce.
I won't let you divorce!
- No way! - Honey.
- Honey. - Dad.
Leave him alone.
He has to know...
that it's really over.
(Episode 20)
Ma'am, what should I do?
Should I bring your daughter down?
She won't listen to you.
Come inside.
What did you say? Say it one more time.
She has big eyes, and she's wearing checked clothes.
Are you sure it was her?
Yes, she already left.
She was too drunk, so we called for a driver.
Where did she go?
She didn't come home.
Yes, I was about to call you.
Did Yeon Ju come home?
We have a big problem. Please hurry home.
What is it?
It's about Yeon Ju. You need to get here as soon as possible.
It's a big problem.
Okay.
What happened? What is this fuss about?
- She asked me to hurry back. - Okay, ma'am.
Excuse us.
Let me ask you one last time.
You love So Won with all your heart, don't you?
Of course I do.
Then if you can live with him,
you're ready to do whatever it takes, right?
Yes. Of course.
All right. I can fix this.
No, I must fix this.
- My goodness, look at her. - I can't believe this.
- What a sight. - My goodness.
She's buried in there.
- My goodness. - Look at that.
What's going on there?
- Hey, get her out. - What is she doing in there?
What took you so long? We have a crisis.
What...
- What's going on with her? - Hey, miss.
- What are you doing? - Come out of there.
Gosh, Yeon Ju.
Yeon Ju.
Don't even try. I tried to talk to her,
but she's too wasted to even move.
She was singing and crying a little while ago.
My goodness. You should've seen her. She was a hot mess.
- Grab her. - Yeon Ju, wake up. Wake up.
- Baby. - Ms. Ha.
- Ms. Ha, get yourself together. - Let go!
- Hey, hey. - Darn.
Hey, hey.
My hands are tied. I must do something.
- Fire! There's a fire! - Fire!
- Fire! - Fire!
- There's a fire. - Fire?
Mom, there's a fire?
I must call So Won. Call the fire department.
- I already called him. - Honey, there's a fire!
- Get her inside. - There's a fire.
So Won, there's a fire. Come out quickly.
- Come out. Hello? - My goodness.
- Hello? - Ms. Ha, on my back, please.
- There's a fire. - Ms. Ha.
So Won.
- There's a fire. - Yes, a fire.
- Be careful. - My goodness.
Let go of me.
Please go back inside. I apologize for the noise.
I'm sorry.
- Please go back inside. - How embarrassing.
Who parked this vegetable truck in front of my house at this hour?
My gosh, it's always the fussy one that causes trouble.
I can't believe this ridiculous stunt she just pulled.
She couldn't have embarrassed me more than this.
So Won.
What happened?
I'm sorry. It just happened.
What do you mean?
You said everything will work out only a few days ago.
No, you even loved her.
Mom.
Yeon Ju...
is a flower in a sheltered garden.
And the garden is big and fancy.
She has never faced a single hardship in her life.
She's going to wither away if she lives with me.
I didn't want...
to see her wither away.
You were serious.
You really loved her.
Does she know that you love her?
What good would it do?
Our marriage is already over.
What do you plan to do next?
I'm going to live my life the best way I can.
Now, I'm an unemployed father with a kid.
Fine. All right.
Let me feed you first.
In a time of crisis, you must eat your meals to gain energy.
Come to the dining room. I'll heat up the soup.
Han Gyul, let's eat.
Aunt Ru Ri.
Yes?
The lady with big eyes isn't going to be my mom?
She doesn't like me, does she?
But I like her.
I know.
You're so pretty and kind.
I'm really sad too.
Mrs. Yang, how is Yeon Ju doing?
When I'm drunk like her,
my wife would make juice with radish for me.
You're here because of the divorce, aren't you?
No, no. What divorce?
My immature son hasn't thought this through.
I'm sure he didn't mean to end it with her,
so just forget about what he did.
Hold on.
I'll do the talking.
Sure. Of course. I won't stop you.
I have nothing to say.
Please go on.
You just saw what happened, did you not?
How drunk my daughter got?
She never once lost it even though she drank...
kegs of alcohol when she was young.
The fact that she showed me the worst side of her...
means that she's having the hardest time with the divorce.
That's why I came to apologize.
I'll ask for forgiveness on behalf of So Won.
Please forgive him.
No, no. I'm sick of this.
This is where it ends.
I'm sure you can see where this is going.
People around our age know what lies ahead of them.
We can see their future clearly.
Here's my opinion. Couples...
who are going to make it won't have to struggle...
so hard to overcome their hardship.
However, couples who won't end up together...
struggle desperately to just stay together,
but those couples are not fated to be together. They're ill-fated.
Please let Yeon Ju go.
Mrs. Yang.
I am really sad he won't be my son-in-law.
He's handsome and smart.
Although he could be a bit cold-hearted,
it's only natural for those successful ones to act like one.
I was afraid that he wouldn't let Yeon Ju go...
and would drag her down with him,
but he was a man after all.
Then do you...
Do you really...
want them to get a divorce?
Yes.
Let's end this.
Then your daughter won't be able to turn back,
and you're ready to deal with the consequence of the divorce?
Yes, I am. I'm ready to accept it.
Doctor Lee and Yeon Ju's marriage...
is over.
My relationship with you...
ends today as well.
What is this?
Open it.
(Cashier's check: 500,000 dollars)
I'm not petty.
Doctor Lee will need some fund to open up a clinic.
I'm giving you this as a way of thanking him...
for letting Yeon Ju go.
(Cashier's check: 500,000 dollars)
I decided to work as a pay doctor at my friend's hospital in Suwon.
Thank you.
The amount isn't what I expected.
It's the thought that counts.
I'll keep it for now.
What do you mean by "for now"?
Why did you take it out?
It's not for my pride.
Are you saying...
it's not enough or what?
The man should give alimony, not the woman.
Tell Yeon Ju when she sobers up.
So Won's giving alimony...
for her to live her life well...
without So Won.
Forgive me for all the hassles...
I caused until now as an in-law.
Take care of yourself.
He does have pride.
Both him and Dr. Lee are real men.
My goodness.
If there's one thing I'm very proud of in my life,
that would be having So Won and raising him.
That's how precious he is.
I can't let him marry just anyone.
What's the purpose of my life?
Making you successful...
and helping you reach higher.
You have to be happier...
and be prouder.
Why would you taint your life?
I'll handle all the hassles,
so don't worry about anything. Just walk on the flowery path.
Like now.
Okay?
What are you doing here?
My precious doctor.
Let's go home, Father.
Hey, So Won.
That old lady begged me...
to take back the divorce,
but I rejected it.
It's absolutely over now.
So you should not regret as well.
Yeon Ju's not the only woman in this world.
Sure, Father.
There are so many.
Right.
Cheer up.
It doesn't have to be them.
You can always get back on your feet again.
I'll get a loan and help you open your own clinic.
Center of Gangnam will be a bit difficult.
Let's go with Gangbuk.
- Father. - Hey.
You may not know,
but I'm still alive.
You know?
Country of heat. Dubai.
Saudi. Qatar.
I took over the three main countries in the Middle East.
You're the son of that awesome man, so don't be discouraged.
Never. Okay?
My great son.
You're my life.
My pride.
My everything.
My So Won.
(Sungjin Gosiwon)
Is this where you live?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I asked you to come early to a lousy place.
My grandma told me to...
give you fresh grape juice.
Does your grandmother grow grapes?
Just a little bit.
Try it.
Thank you.
I'm really sorry, Myung Rang.
What are you sorry about?
I'm sorry I broke everything, Sung Tan.
Do you trust me?
Let me sleep!
We didn't do anything.
Go back to sleep.
I'm sorry, Myung Rang.
What's there to be sorry?
Do you trust me?
Hey!
I give up. I give up!
You're so cheap.
Let's just go to work early.
I'll tell everyone that we're in a relationship...
to stop you from being nervous.
There's no need.
If we need other people to know to continue our relationship,
it means it's already falling apart.
Why would you sigh?
I'm upset because your brother...
is filing divorce document today.
You should sleep for more.
Did you sleep at all last night?
I can't quit being a mom...
only because I'm upset.
I'll just have some bread. You don't need to.
I'll heat the soup.
Eat before you go to work.
Mom.
I still have good news for you.
I'm becoming a regular employee today.
Really? Are you sure?
Chief Director promised me last time.
He said I just need to wait for the official announcement.
Good job.
You've suffered so much.
Congratulations.
So cheer up, Mom. Okay?
Good luck, Mom.
Leave immediately.
How dare you come here?
What's she up to?
So show me some gratitude.
Leave now.
I'm not interested in what's already been paid.
They must be fighting.
Let's help each other, okay?
Who is he?
Her boyfriend?
I think he's from the print shop.
Is the announcement up already?
(Personnel appointment announcement)
(2017 personnel appointment: Kim Sung Tan, a regular employee)
What happened?
Why's there Sung Tan but not me?
It can't be.
There must've been a mistake.
How did this happen, Chief Director?
I thought Lee Ru Ri was going to be a regular employee for sure.
Have you forgotten?
The company almost got into trouble because of Lee Ru Ri twice.
She ruined the sampling event due to an order mistake.
She should've expected this...
after all the complaints we received from the restaurants.
I agree...
that she's not used to data processing...
because it's her first time working in the company,
but she has a talent to cover that up.
Also, she developed the top selling menu in the country.
That helped her get this far.
I've extended her contract for three more months.
If she doesn't show any improvements,
she'll be fired.
Keep that in mind.
I'm sorry.
I should have stopped it.
I will meet with Chairman Kevin and talk to him again.
Just wait a little longer.
Please,
I'm not your assistant anymore.
You don't need to intervene too much.
I'll become a regular employee on my own without your help.
Dad finally said you can work at the company.
I'm so happy nowadays thanks to you.
Good luck, Ru Ri.
This is a knife I used when I was a novice.
Congratulations on entering to the world of cooking.
Lee Ru Ri, you don't cook alone.
If everyone does what they are supposed to do,
we can create a fantastic taste.
I'll do the cooking.
You just have to help me with your sensitive palate.
- Well done. - Well done.
The sauce was wonderful.
I'm looking forward to it.
Are you all right, Ru Ri?
I'm sorry...
that only Sung Tan was appointed as a regular employee.
I feel so sorry for my mom.
She was so happy this morning to hear that...
I was becoming a regular employee.
Why did you make a mistake like that?
It's not like you to do that.
You can be dumb sometimes,
but you're always meticulous.
That's what's driving me crazy.
Let's say I understand what happened to the first one.
I really don't get what happened with the posters.
I checked with the company so many times to not make mistakes.
This can't keep happening to me unless someone...
deliberately wants me to fail.
Wait a moment.
What if someone was really trying to ruin you?
Who would do that?
Joo Ae Ri.
She keeps flirting with Manager Jung.
Without you,
she won't have any competitors.
She wouldn't do this just for that reason.
Wait a moment.
I think it's her!
This morning, I saw her with the worker from the printing shop.
Let's go and ruin her.
It can't be.
When I asked him about what happened to the posters,
he became really angry...
and told me if I was telling him he's someone who could be...
bribed into switching the posters.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
Let's do this properly.
Excuse me.
Who are you?
Joo Ae Ri sent me.
What is this about?
She's sorry about what happened this morning.
And we have the second design for the poster.
We want to ask you for a switch like we did last time.
You should give me a double this time.
If my boss finds out, he'll kill me.
Lee Jung Sik!
Boss.
Tell us everything.
Tell us what Joo Ae Ri made you do.
I... Oh, my.
Tell us everything.
Boss, I don't know who she is.
Get your arm warmers off.
Look down.
- Speak humbly. - Yes, ma'am.
Tell us everything you know.
I don't know anything.
- I'll punch you. - I'm sorry.
You are not capable of living with me forever,
both as a wife and a mother.
All because I met the wrong man.
I used to be so popular,
but now I look so ugly.
Are you ready?
Let's go.
Are you going too?
Of course.
I need to go with you. I don't trust you.
Why can't you trust me?
Don't you really know why?
You lose all your pride...
and fall all over Dr. Lee whenever you see him.
I'm just worried that you might cry and beg...
instead of signing the divorce papers.
Don't worry. I don't have any feelings for him now.
He said he never loved me...
and only married me for money.
Gosh, that scum.
Wait... Wait.
Are you crazy? It looks like a blanket.
Are you going to leave like that?
Why? What's wrong?
I want to look as pitiful as possible,
so that he'd feel sorry for me.
Get a hold of yourself.
If he were going to feel sorry for you,
he wouldn't have gotten a divorce.
There's a famous saying,
"beautifully divorced."
You should look more beautiful than ever,
so that he would regret having dumped you.
Follow me.
Where to?
I will give you an upgrade.
Are you going to go like this?
Why does it matter?
I'm just going to meet Yeon Ju and sign the papers.
You must be out of your mind.
You can't.
People should look beautiful when they leave.
You guys are parting now. If you go looking shabby like this,
Yeon Ju and her mom will be so happy...
that they got rid of such a lowly person.
Why does that even matter?
We're going to be strangers now.
A man is all about his pride.
To others' eyes,
it's looks better when...
you're the one that dumped Yeon Ju, not the other way around.
So, on a day like this,
you need to be at your best.
Let's go.
Where to?
Where do you think?
I need to make you look good for this.
Let's go.
Gosh, you're my daughter, but you're so pretty.
Gosh, that crazy scum.
He'll be sorry he dumped you.
You're so pretty.
Gosh.
You're handsome just like me.
Yeon Ju's eyes will pop out when she sees you.
She left my precious son...
just because of a child.
Gosh.
(Court)
Mom.
It's So Won.
Gosh, he's so handsome.
He's so my type.
Get a hold of yourself.
He's a boy,
and yet he's just like his mother with a pale face.
He looks like dumplings that have only been half eaten.
Dad, it's Yeon Ju.
Get a hold of yourself.
This is not a fashion show.
She spends so much money ignorantly.
You don't need to feel small. You should look confident.
Hello, Mrs. Yang.
I shouldn't even call you by your name from now on.
Hello,
grandma with a red hat.
So you're making rude remarks now that we're strangers?
Hello, unemployed man.
It seems like your son...
is not yet fully grown up.
He's getting divorced, and yet he brought his dad.
Same to you.
I knew you had control over her,
but I didn't know you'd even follow her here.
It's so embarrassing.
Gosh, I was going to say goodbye politely...
as we used to get along fine in the past.
Gosh, you're not helping me at all.
If we keep talking,
we'll just get more offended.
Let's just sign the papers quickly.
So Won, did you hear that?
Go sign the papers.
Let's end this tiring relationship...
as soon as possible.
Lee So Won and Ha Yeon Ju. Please prepare your IDs.
Please wait for a moment.
You look so excited.
You even changed your hairstyle.
You look at least 10 years younger.
Your hair always looked like an old man when you lived with me.
Of course.
I look better because I escaped from the underworld.
What, underworld?
I was the one living with the devil who only cared about money.
I still cry blood tears from thinking how you deceived me.
Why do you have circle lenses on when you're crying blood tears?
You're desperately doing your best to look young.
Of course.
And these are colored lenses.
I'm going to find a proper man since I'm single again.
I don't have a child like someone.
Good for you.
Don't be too clingy from the start this time.
That man will also get tired of you...
like me even before the relationship begins.
How dare you.
I heard that you used to be a delinquent.
Break out of this habit.
Let go of me.
Excuse me?
Your documents are registered.
The ruling is after one month. Don't forget the date.
Don't be clingy.
Did you hear that?
Let's just end this tiring relationship at once.
Why are you looking at them like you're sad?
They're still rude.
It's hard to fall out of love.
Yeon Ju's face looks all pinched and drawn.
Pinched and drawn?
She looks like she couldn't be happier.
They're vulgar, and they only have a lot of money.
Did they really have to show off their money here?
Don't be discouraged.
We're still above them.
They're decked with luxurious goods, but they're stupid.
My ears hurt from the sound of their empty heads trying to work.
You're an intelligent real man.
You are intelligent and sexy.
Do you understand?
Don't look back.
It's true that So Won became more handsome...
after changing his hairstyle.
Handsome, my foot.
That's why I came with you.
Father and son were...
both acting like snobs.
They probably bought those at a 50 percent discounted price.
They looked so poor.
Look at us.
We're perfectly dressed...
from head to toe in Gangnam style.
We are Gangnam style
I feel so good. Let's go.
My sister made it clear.
She never had nor gave birth to your child.
She denied it.
Your son doesn't exist in this world.
Did you ask for me, sir?
There's only one way left to find...
my son.
Find out everything about Jung Hwa Young's family background.
Yes, sir.
I'll find everything.
This is ridiculous.
I can't believe that Jung Tae Yang is Chairman Kevin's son.
Everything has become futile.
Are you giving up?
Are you crazy?
If Chairman Kevin finds out about this,
he'll try to turn the company over to his son.
He won't care about Jung Do when he joins the company.
What should I do?
The Chairman doesn't know about Jung Tae Yang yet.
It's only a matter of time.
Jung Hwa Young and Kevin will find out everything soon.
Even if they find out, it won't be a problem.
Jung Hwa Young wants to hide her son from Kevin to the end.
Even if that's true, she'll be persuaded by the money.
I forgot. I'll do this.
I figured out how I will handle this.
Get my car ready.
Okay, ma'am.
What happened?
Why didn't you return to Japan yet?
I delayed my schedule because of you.
I was thinking whether I should tell you this or not.
I decided that it would be better to tell you.
What do you want to tell me?
I met...
your ex-husband Jay,
no, it's Kevin now.
What?
Why did you meet him?
It was for you.
If I didn't meet him, I thought he would harass you.
What did he say?
I'm sure that he asked whether he had a son or not.
Did you tell him the truth?
If you did,
I'll never see you again.
Hwa Young.
Do you hate Kevin that much?
Are you serious?
He ruined my life.
I could talk all night...
about the hardships I went through after Tae Yang was born.
You don't know how much I cursed him and hated him.
Tae Yang obviously went through those hardships with you.
Of course.
I start crying...
whenever I talk about him.
He grew up so pitifully.
He had a hard time economically,
but Woo Joo's Dad also gave him a hard time.
That's why I'm saying this.
Can't you forgive Kevin?
Sarah.
It's not for you, it's for Tae Yang.
Can't you tell him the identity of his father and let them meet?
How many more times should I tell you to make you understand?
He's an alcoholic.
Does my child also have to go through that pain?
He has changed.
I also saw that he became successful...
with my own eyes.
He's rich,
and he really wants to see his son.
He worked hard and became successful...
to ask for the forgiveness from you and your child.
I could sense his sincerity.
Do you want me to send my son to that man...
for money?
Let's be realistic.
With that wealth,
you could secure a bright future...
for Tae Yang, who had a hard time growing up.
He doesn't have to be a cook.
He can do whatever he wants and achieve whatever he wants...
and enjoy life.
It doesn't matter.
He'll become that trash-like human again with a drop of alcohol.
I don't want to hurt my child for some money.
I don't want to hear this tiring story again. Just leave.
Do you know about SC Food and Beverage?
What about it?
Kevin is the chairman of that company.
What?
What did you just say?
He changed his name to Kevin Miller.
No, not that thing.
What's his company?
Is he really the chairman of SC Food and Beverage?
- Is that right? - Yes, it is.
I went to the company and saw it with my own eyes.
That's impossible.
This is really impossible.
- Sarah. - What's wrong?
Tae Yang...
works there.
What?
Here. This is the snack for the day.
This is it?
You told us not to eat instant food. Why did you make us tteok ramyeon?
Yes, Dean. How did it go?
Really?
There's no choice. I'm okay.
Thank you for getting through all that trouble.
Star chef? You must be kidding me.
Dad, didn't you become a full-time professor?
It's obvious.
He mentioned "Star chef".
A chef who is on TV a lot must have become a full-time professor.
Mom must be disappointed. She was really looking forward to it.
She said that you would become a professor.
Don't worry.
I actually didn't want to become a professor.
I wanted to spend more time with you.
Dad, that's sad.
As long as you're happy. Dad, cheer up!
Okay, thank you. Let's do it.
Is it Mom?
Eat up.
Eun Byul, how are you?
What is it this time?
I need to speak to you alone.
Let's go outside.
You can tell me here.
I don't want to look at your face.
Really?
I was going to tell you about Jung Hwa Young's past.
Should I tell you in front of your children?
Follow me.
You said you'll trust me no matter what.
I don't care even if you say it's out of inferiority.
I can't go through...
what Myung Tae did to me ever again.
I can't do that.
I'd rather end it here now.
I'm not your assistant anymore.
You don't need to intervene too much.
I'll become a regular employee on my own without your help.
Yes, Mom. What is it?
Tae Yang, can I talk to you for a moment?
I want to ask you something.
Yes? Go ahead.
Who's the chairman of your company,
SC Food and Beverage?
Kevin Miller.
Why do you ask?
Have you met him?
Of course. Didn't I tell you about him?
We're quite close.
He likes me so much,
saying I'm like a son to him.
Have you ever taken...
a picture with him?
I'm just asking.
I want to know what the chairman that takes care of you looks like.
That's so random.
Just wait a moment.
He'll get to know.
Just tell him as soon as possible.
You're living with a criminal...
who tried to kill her ex-husband.
So what?
Are you going to threaten me to break up with her?
It's all over.
We know that her husband is alive.
I already know that.
I know who he is.
What do you mean?
How would you know?
What do you mean? I'm close to him.
I meet him every day.
What?
Kevin Miller.
The Chairman of SC Food and Beverage.
He's the father of Jung Tae Yang.
Jung Do, I came here today,
not to make you leave Jung Hwa Young,
but to make sure she doesn't leave you.
I was worried about you.
What do you mean? Why would she leave me?
I told you...
that money is the most valuable thing in the world.
You can do anything with money.
She might have tried to kill him once,
but she could change her mind...
after realizing that he is rich.
I'm sorry,
but Jung Hwa Young is not a trash like you.
No, I only speak of the truth.
If you want to live with her,
do as I tell you.
Get rid of Jung Tae Yang from SC Food and Beverage.
Why are you standing here like this?
Grandmother is on the second floor.
What?
I trust her.
The situation that you worry about will never happen.
Get out of here.
You shouldn't trust her.
She'll find out about Kevin soon enough.
Her sister came to meet Kevin yesterday...
to the company.
She'll find out about this...
in a few days.
My sister wanted to see me to talk about something important.
Get out. Get out of here!
Go Jung Do!
You're nothing next to Chairman Kevin.
Do you need me to tell you this?
Who do you think would win...
if a part-time lecturer fights with a millionaire?
And she'd be able to go and live in a penthouse...
- from this little house. - Shut your mouth!
Get out. Get out!
Oh, my. I was just about to leave.
You came just in time.
Get out of my house.
Don't forget what I said.
This is for your own good.
Why did she come here again?
The children told me that she mentioned my past again.
Yes, but you don't need to worry. It was nothing.
By the way,
did you meet your sister?
You said it was about something important.
What was it about?
Well... It was nothing special.
She just wanted to meet me again.
I'm going to take a shower.
Wait.
What is it?
It's nothing.
We're going to have a remind wedding today.
You've been causing trouble talking about marriage graduation,
but I want to thank you for deciding to stay next to me.
Grandma, don't you like Grandpa?
What?
Why?
That's what he bought you.
But you never wear it.
You don't seem to miss anything.
What?
It's strange.
You live together.
Why do you not like him?
I don't know.
I liked him at first, so I lived with him.
But as time passed, my feelings changed.
Just like Dad and his wife?
I have to go somewhere.
Do you want to go with me too?
All right. Let's go together.
In this village, there are new buildings.
They are all clean and not too expensive.
You should take a look.
All right. If I like it, I'll sign the contract today.
All right.
Han Gyul. Han Gyul, don't sleep.
I'm finished.
On the way home, I'll buy you the cake that you like.
Is it someone's birthday today?
Well,
it's more special than that.
Your aunt has become a regular employee at her company.
My aunt is the best!
You should try it.
This is a black tea that is hard to come by.
It has a unique smell.
It smells like orchid.
I knew you'd like it.
Did you call me, Chairman?
I called him.
You feel better when you see him.
Have a seat. I was actually going to...
treat you to a meal to thank you.
What do you mean?
I heard you helped Ae Ri when she hurt her ankle.
Since you carried a grown woman to a hospital,
you must be responsible for her.
Dad, come on.
Anyway, thank you for everything.
Ae Ri changed since she met you.
She even got this nice tea for her dad.
People change depending on whom they meet.
Not at all.
Chairman, I...
Excuse me.
What is it?
Meet me now.
I'm busy. Say it over the phone.
Do you know Lee Jung Sik?
Where are you?
Okay. Wait there.
Enjoy the tea with Tae Yang, Dad.
Something came up in the office.
What's wrong?
You should make my dad happy.
I'll be right back.
Look at this, Manager Jung.
The pork is from Korea. Why does it say that it's from Chile?
- Did the print shop make a mistake? - That can't be.
I checked with my own eyes there.
It's not the time for this.
It's already spread everywhere.
We need to take care of this.
Why did you want to see me?
Have a seat.
It's going to take long.
I don't have time for that. Make it brief.
Hey. You better sit down.
You must've rushed to get here since you know Lee Jung Sik.
Stay out of this.
Who is Lee Jung Sik?
You forgot already?
He remembers your name clearly.
You bribed him...
to switch posters.
Lee Ru Ri.
I thought you're only incompetent, but you're also cunning.
Are you trying to...
put the blame on me because you didn't become a regular employee?
Do you think I'd fall for that?
You witch.
Hey. You're the one who tricked us.
You paid the man in the printing shop...
to print the wrong poster.
That's not all.
It's you who stabbed us in the back...
by changing 22 servings into 2.
I see how close you are,
but do you have evidence?
Who would listen to you...
if you accuse me without evidence?
I'm the daughter of the chairman,
and you're only an intern and a contract employee.
Know your position before you act up.
Joo Ae Ri made me do it.
She told me to switch the new menu poster.
She didn't even pay me a lot.
She came to me first.
What's the reason?
Why would you spend money...
to stab a contract employee in the back twice?
You're not going to say it?
Fine.
I'll never have to see you again anyway.
I don't need your reason.
This is enough to fire you...
even if you're the chairman's daughter.
Isn't it funny?
We hate each other,
but we have same taste in men.
You want to know why I stabbed you in the back?
I did that because I want Jung Tae Yang.
You're not worth...
for a man like him.
Also, my dad is keeping his eyes on him.
He'll only prosper if he marries me,
but you kept getting in the way, so I removed the obstacle.
Lee Ru Ri. Let me give you advice.
I'll never give up Jung Tae Yang.
You must be sad about the situation, but you shouldn't be.
It's a sin to meet someone who's not in your league.
So get out of my sight before you...
Good job, Myung Rang.
Someone so crazy like her...
should get cold water splashed on her face to be sane.
Anytime.
I'll sink you in Han River next time.
- How dare you! - You!
Let me give you advice.
If you like Jung Tae Yang so much,
don't try any stupid tricks like this.
As far as I know,
he hates tricks like this.
Right. He wouldn't even hate you when he sees this...
because you're a helpless piece of garbage.
What's going on?
What's wrong, Joo Ae Ri?
Those two are insane.
They poured water on me.
How could they do this to me?
Hey, witch. Stop putting on a show.
Stop it, Lee Myung Rang.
Explain this, Lee Ru Ri.
What caused this unbelievable situation in the office?
Yes. It's unbelievable.
But I'm ashamed to explain it.
I'll send you the video. You can check it yourself.
It'll explain why Joo Ae Ri's like that...
for me.
Ru Ri. Lee Ru Ri.
I feel so much better.
We could've done better though.
If we had kimchi, I could've slapped her with it like a drama.
Congratulations anyway, Ru Ri.
What's left now is becoming a regular employee...
and a happy ending with Manager Jung.
What's wrong?
Why would you sigh instead of dancing when everything's solved?
- Myung Rang. - Yes?
Should I give up on Manager Jung?
Are you crazy?
I'm losing confidence.
Just like what Joo Ae Ri said, evidence is useless.
The chairman's beautiful daughter...
is flirting at him.
Manager Jung wouldn't be able to help it either.
I know it's tempting.
But he's different from Myung Tae.
Trust him.
I know it's going to be hard.
I keep losing confidence.
Then how about dating a lacking boyfriend like mine?
Sung Tan has many friends.
I'd say no.
Right. I know.
- Thank you for today. - No problem.
- For loyalty. - For loyalty.
We're here.
Where are we?
You'll see.
Why do you think I followed you to the court?
That was to come here.
("Splendid Single")
Marriage is crazy
I really think so
Why would you confine yourself...
in this great world
Wrong decision
I wouldn't like a divorce...
where we meet again as friends
You can always leave...
if you don't love me anymore
Lack of patience
Everyone must be crazy
That must be it
Why would you hesitate
Get lost, Lee So Won!
I'll get over you.
You jerk!
What do you think?
I took out a loan with my house as security.
Let's open a clinic here once I get the money.
Father. I don't want to owe you.
There's nothing like that between parents and children.
I'm willing to sacrifice my heart for your success.
It's fine. I'll be a pay doctor in Suwon.
No way.
You lost everything. You have to start rebuilding.
When will you succeed wasting four hours for commute?
Also, the clinic must be near home...
for your mom to take care of Han Gyul.
This is perfect.
Just do as I say.
Father.
Forget about Yeon Ju,
and focus on work now.
I'll support you from now on...
instead of your in-law.
- Cheers. - Yes.
Are you okay now?
Yes, Mom. I love you.
And I'm sorry.
What are you sorry about?
I almost abandoned you...
for a man.
I'll never do that again.
I finally realized...
the person I love the most in this world...
is you, Mom.
Good.
Are you going to...
get over that jerk, Lee So Won?
Of course.
It's a new day tomorrow.
I'm starting a new life now.
I'll sing for you on that.
Music start.
("I'm a Gentleman")
Do you think you're proud because you're not divorced
My divorced daughter is also proud
I'm a gentleman
Do you think you're proud to have husbands
We're also proud without husbands
I'm a gentleman
What's the cake for?
Aunt became a real employee at her work today.
Really?
Congratulations, Ru Ri. Blow out the candles.
Thank you.
Let's blow them together, Han Gyul.
1, 2, 3.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Congratulations.
It's great.
My stupid daughter hit a home run.
Hey, So Won. Like I said before,
don't ever be discouraged.
Divorce may have been a disgrace in the past,
but people live for 100 years now.
It's a torture to live with just one person now.
He's right, So Won.
Since things turned out to be this way,
you should focus on your new life.
Of course. That's how it should be.
Divorce is not a failure, but another choice.
It's the second chapter of life.
It's also a trend.
Celebrities, conglomerates, and even the US president.
Everyone's getting divorced.
It's not something you should be ashamed of.
It's rather like a blessing.
Do you really mean it?
Divorce is not a failure,
but another choice...
and a blessing?
Of course.
It's uncomfortable when you don't wear the same pair of shoes.
It's worse with your partner.
It's best for you to split if it doesn't work out.
Right? I agree.
It's been a while since our opinions matched.
What's going on, Ms. Hong?
You always upset me with your stupid logic.
Are you back to yourself now?
I've been back to myself for long.
You made it easier for me to say it...
by saying that to So Won today.
What? What is it?
What is it? Say it.
Lee Shin Mo.
Let's get blessed.
Blessed? What blessing?
A blessing to break up with someone not meant for you.
Are you joking?
I'm not joking.
Let's divorce.
I'm so sick of you now.
I won't live with you.
Did you call me?
Close the door again.
Turn slowly, Han Gyul.
That's it. Great.
Hello.
Grandma with a red hat.
"Red hat."
Action.
I can't do it.
(Man Who Sets the Table)
I don't want to talk to you anymore. I'll see you in the court.
I trust you.
I love you
I think her mom is very rich.
Is she pretty?
How's your dad?
He said he doesn't feel like eating.
Why are you at my daughter's work?
You stalker!
Will you meet him if your father's alive?
There must be a special tie.
Are you swayed by him?
Are you going back to your rich husband?
Jung Tae Yang's my son?